[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku and Vegeta merged
using the Potara earrings,
and formed the warrior Vegetto.
With unbelievable power,
the merged Saiyan
easily pounded Majin Buu,
backing the destroyer
of worlds into a corner.
[SUPER BUU growling]
I'm getting kinda
bored of running circles
around you, so I think
it's time to wrap this up.
That's what you think
you've been doing?
Running circ--
[VEGETTO]
Shut up and listen.
I know you've stolen enough
brains now to realize the truth.
I've totally owned you in
this fight. You can't deny that.
Ten seconds. I'll give you that
long to say your prayers
or whatever it is
you need to do,
then I'll blast you to hell.
[NARRATOR] But Majin Buu
had one more card to play.
Just as he had done to Piccolo,
Gohan, and Gotenks,
Majin Buu ambushed Vegetto
and absorbed him into his body.
It seemed Vegetto
had dropped his guard.
Though in truth,
it was part of a plan.
I did it.
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] The battle
moves inside Buu, now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[KIBITO KAI] No! How could
this have happened?
The last fighter we had
has been absorbed.
This is the end of the universe!
[laughing]
I did it, I did it!
Take that, you big dumbass!
You thought
you were unstoppable,
but now you're part of me!
[laughing]
[KIBITO KAI]
It's over.
We used every weapon we had,
and nothing worked.
Now there's no way to save
the universe from Buu.
I'm a Supreme Kai.
It's my responsibility
to protect the living world.
But I couldn't do it.
I've failed.
[ELDER KAI]
Don't cry just yet.
Don't you find it all
a bit strange this time?
How so?
Take a look
and you can see what I mean.
Up to now, every time
Majin Buu's absorbed a warrior,
he got a boost of power. And it
changed his appearance, too.
But this time...
Yes! He's unchanged!
Exactly the same as before
he absorbed Goku and Vegeta!
But just what
do you think it means?
[ELDER KAI]
I'm not sure. It's just a guess.
We'll have to take a much
closer look to be certain.
But if I'm right,
then those Saiyans
truly are something special.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[SUPER BUU]
Something's off.
I absorbed the merged warrior.
I can't feel his power at all.
That's strange.
Hmph. Not that it
really matters.
The important fact is he's gone.
And with him out of the picture,
it's indisputable--
I'm the mightiest being
in this or any world,
and that's good enough.
[chuckles]
There's not a single person
left in the universe
who can stop me now.
I'll destroy
to my heart's content,
until there's nothing
but the blackness of space!
[laughing]
[VEGETTO]
Slipping past his defenses
was easier than I thought.
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Enough with the laughter!
Honestly. He's going on
like a village idiot!
But when you're inside
of a mad bastard
I guess that's part of the deal.
The good news is
this barrier seems
to have worked perfectly.
And Buu's body
wasn't able to absorb me.
All right. Hopefully it's
safe for me now.
I need to drop the barrier
to find Gohan
and the others quickly.
I don't know
how Buu's insides work,
but I've gotta find everyone.
And hope they're still alive.
[ELDER KAI]
A-ha! I was right!
He went inside on purpose, so he
could rescue the other fighters!
That's why he kept
taunting Buu to absorb him!
He didn't want to fight for real
while his friends
were still prisoners!
He's... amazing!
He's the perfect warrior!
[sighs]
Uh? Aah!
[GOKU] I don't understand.
We un-fused the second
we dropped our barrier.
Why would that happen?
How the hell should I know?
It's weird, though.
The old Kai told me that once
we used the Potara earrings,
there'd be no going back,
and we'd be fused for life.
Clearly not even the Kais
know everything, Kakarot.
Well, I don't care how it
happened, I'm just happy it did.
And I'll be damned if I ever
make this mistake again.
Hey, be careful with that--
the whole world's
on the line, remember?
I think we'll be able
to merge again
as soon as we
get out of Buu's body.
There must be some kind
of dark power in here
that keeps the earrings
from working, that's all.
[crunching]
Aaah!
[VEGETA chuckles]
Vegeta! Oh man,
what have you done now?
Joining together was the best
chance we had at stopping Buu!
Besides, you're dead!
So if you're not merged with me
you'll have to go back to
Otherworld when this is done,
and you could still
lose your body, too!
Hmph! I'd rather
be nothing than spend
the rest of existence
joined with you.
And we're not so desperate now
that our plan is paying off.
What are you talking about?
We don't know
if we can find the others,
we don't know
if we can free 'em,
and we definitely don't know
if Buu will go back
to his original form--
we're both flying blind here!
Then we better hurry
and find out in case we need
to come up with a new plan,
don't you think?
What? Seriously?
[VEGETA] Snap to it.
While we're wasting time,
Buu might destroy the earth.
Fine. It's your choice.
[crunching]
--[BOTH gasp]
--What are they thinking?
[sniffing]
I smell a cake!
[SUPER BUU]
Ooh! Oooh! Whoooa!
Strawberry shortcake!
Custard-filled shoo a la crème!
Milk chocolate frosted cake!
[grunting, laughing]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[SUPER BUU laughs]
Now that I'm full,
it's time to get to work.
Why's it so hard
to sense their energy in here?
Maybe we can't
save them after all.
--[VEGETA] Kakarot!
--Huh?
Hurry, get over here.
I've found someone.
[gasps]
It's the Namekian.
Oh good! He's still breathing!
Ah! Look, Vegeta,
over there! There's more!
They're all here!
Goten and Trunks. And Gohan!
[GOKU] What a relief!
They're alive! All of them!
[SUPER BUU]
Hmph.
To commemorate the end of
all of those who challenged me,
I'm going to destroy
their little world.
The boys were split up,
just like we were.
Buu's body must have
counteracted their Fusion, too.
No. It was different for them.
They're only separated
now because their
30 minutes of Fusion ran out.
When Gotenks was absorbed,
Buu definitely had
the traits of the fused warrior.
That's important to know.
It means that type of Fusion
should still be possible
while we're in here.
[VEGETA]
Out of the way!
Buu's not gonna
leech off my son.
[GOKU]
Whoa, whoa, easy!
[SUPER BUU grunts]
[SUPER BUU]
What's happening to me?
[grunts]
[screams]
My body!
Not as strong now;
not as clever.
What is this?
[ELDER KAI] Look at him! He's
going back to the way he was!
[KIBITO KAI]
Yeah!
[ELDER KAI, KIBITO KAI]
Way to go! Way to go!
No more super, scary Buu!
[BOTH laughing]
[BOTH]
Blaaaaah!
Way to go! Way to go!
No more super, scary Buu!
[laughing]
[GOKU laughs]
Great work! That knocked
Buu's energy down
quite a few notches.
I can sense it.
Crazy how much power he was
drawing from our boys.
In a weird way I feel proud.
All right. Let's blast a hole
and get out of this filth.
Yeah.
Actually, wait--
I'm not sure we're ready.
Even if Buu's gone
back to the way he was
before he absorbed our sons,
that would still
make him stronger
than either one of us
on our own.
If we go out there
like this, he'll kill us.
Or me at least,
you're already dead!
Do you have a solution or
do you just like to talk? Ha!
Well, we had a solution before
you shattered 'em, remember?
Look, if you want to spend
the rest of your life
sulking in here, then go ahead.
But I'm getting out.
[GOKU laughs]
Let me finish! There's still
one way to become stronger,
and relax there's no long-term
commitment this time!
No thanks!
But you haven't even
heard what it is, yet!
There's no need. Talking about
that stupid Fusion dance;
the one you taught our boys!
Oh! You know how it works?
I watched the whole
charade from Otherworld.
You really think
I'd stoop so low?
We're fighters,
not ballet dancers!
Wow, I didn't think
it was that embarrassing.
Honestly, I thought the whole
thing was kind of fun.
And I already told you,
I'm never joining bodies
with you again!
[VEGETA]
Hm?
[GOKU]
Look. This situation
just got a lot stranger.
Aah!
It's Majin Buu.
The first version of him.
But, I don't understand--
why's this Buu cocooned here
with the others?
How could Majin Buu
absorb himself?
That's a real
mind bender, isn't it?
[ELDER KAI]
Uh!
No! No, not now!
Something's blocking our signal
inside Buu's body.
But we have to see!
What happens next
could change everything!
[GOKU] Hey, let's rip him
out of here, too,
and see what happens.
It's got to
make him weaker, right?
[VEGETA] I saw that
from Otherworld, too.
A skinnier Majin Buu
emerged from this fat one.
He turned the fat Buu
into chocolate and ate him.
Buu gonna turn you
into chocolate!
[BUU screams]
Well, if he wound up here,
maybe so did the others
who turned into dessert,
and we can save them, too!
[SUPER BUU] No. Only him.
He was special.
So that's why I couldn't
feel your strength.
You've been up to no good.
No way!
How can you be
inside your own body?
This is crazy!
And you surprise me, too.
You should have given me
so much more power.
But instead you take power away!
How dare you steal my prizes!
He's still so strong.
I think we're in trouble.
Of course we are! That's why
I told you to keep the earring!
If we had gotten outside
and merged again,
we could have won easily,
but now that's not an option!
I see. So the merged
challenger is no more?
Way to go, Kakarot!
He wouldn't have known
if you'd just kept quiet!
[SUPER BUU chuckles]
He's gone. It's just you.
I'll still win!
[BOTH grunt]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
I wouldn't feel so confident.
Just because it won't be
very easy for us doesn't mean
we can't take you down.
[laughs]
I think you're forgetting
where we are, Buu.
I can blast you wide open
from the inside.
You try.
You asked for it.
[GOKU yells]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[DENDE]
We're drawing close to him now.
We'll be able to see him soon.
[gasps]
What? How can you tell--
you smell him or something?
Not smell. But it's
a similar sensation.
I can feel his energy.
What? What's energy feel like?
Can I sense it too?
Does it feel like... like...
Does it feel like...
like a tree?!
There!
[ALL holler]
You see him?
He's up there on that rock.
I think he turned into
a statue. He's not moving.
No, but he changed back
into his earlier form!
I wonder what
could have caused that?
[KIBITO KAI]
We've been completely shut out!
Anything could be
happening in there!
I know, I know!
It's driving me crazy!
What? No hole? Nothing?
That's definitely bad.
All I felt was a tingle
right here. It tickled, really.
[SUPER BUU]
You're shrunk down, remember?
Tinier than the tiniest flea.
[laughs]
You can't hurt me.
But we can still fight you,
whatever you are.
[grunts]
Then we'll find a way out
and get back to our full size.
[yawning]
You can't beat this Buu either,
not as you are now.
What do you say we test that?
Ready when you are.
[yawning]
[GOKU, VEGETA yell, grunt]
Aaaah--uh!
[GOKU, VEGETA groan]
[GOKU groans]
Is your head
made out of marble?
He-heh. I was just playing
around with that attack,
but it seems to have
taken quite a toll.
[GOKU]
Don't be so sure.
Let's blast him out of here.
Don't you order me around.
[BOTH grunt]
What is this, enjoyable for you?
Unpeel yourself from my face.
And let's destroy the pieces
before he regroups!
Oh yeah, right!
[VEGETA]
I'm not sure what's worse:
The Fusion or that embarrassing
cheek-on-cheek stuff.
[VEGETA groans]
How's it going, Vegeta?
You need some help over there?
I'm fine, keep your distance!
Now what?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[SUPER BUU] Idiots! You really
thought that would work?
[GOKU]
Where are you, Buu?
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[continues laughing]
Damn that laugh!
[SUPER BUU]
Oh! "Where am I?" he asks.
I'm everywhere.
You're in my body.
In here, I'm a god!
[GOKU, VEGETA yell]
[SUPER BUU laughing]
Is it too much for
your brain to understand?
Damn you!
[SUPER BUU] You can blow me up
again and again.
It won't make a difference,
because I'm Buu!
[laughing]
I will shut you up, you'll see!
[SUPER BUU laughing]
[NARRATOR] This strange
situation is becoming desperate.
Goku and Vegeta entered Buu
to save their loved ones.
But now they must
find a way out.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
Vegeta's ripping the first,
fat Buu out of this Buu's body!
It's causing
crazy things to happen,
and I don't think they're good!
[VEGETA] Hmph! It's just
another transformation.
What matters is we're
getting out of here alive!
[GOKU]
Next time, on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
Buu's changing again!
What's he gonna
look like this time?